Add links to new SDK docs on migrating Sync modes (#536)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/migrate-sync-modes.txt

object model's name. For example, a ``Person`` object model's subscription
name would be ``flx_migrated_Person``.

You can keep the automatically-generated subscriptions if you don't want to

> remove and recreate them. But you should consider that because these 

Reviewer: The "consider that because..." made this sentence read awkwardly to me on the first pass. maybe:
```suggestion
remove and recreate them. But because these subscriptions aren't created in your client code, they may make it harder for you to maintain and extend client code.
```
